amazon developing an android console
PlatinumGames shows off the wonderful
101 Dark Horse's Star Wars adaptation
gets its own trailer and today is
weekend stuff I'm Dodger and this is
daily bite your bite size news for all
things nerdy game informer is reporting
that Amazon is in the process of
creating an android-based console with
plans to launch by the end of this year
the anonymous sources are saying the
console will have its own dedicated
controller and would be available as
soon as Black Friday positioning itself
nicely during the busiest weekend of
shopping here in the US the console
would interface with Amazon's App Store
which ensures gamers will stay within
Amazon's ecosystem it all starts to make
sense when you consider that Amazon
started their own games development team
last year and have even poached talent
from other studios such as Gears of War
executive producer David Holmes what
makes Amazon's android console different
from the ouya is that it's powered by
Amazon d-co system it allows gamers to
purchase apps through its own
marketplace and possibly other sources
amazon has yet to comment on the rumors
developer Platinum Games gave us a look
at the wonderful 101's free-flowing
chain combo combat system in this
morning's Nintendo Direct hosted by
designer Hideki Kamiya comio through the
various team attacks showing off how to
control them either using the analog
stick or drawing onto the Wii U gamepad
players will be able to select their
group of heroes to create unite morphs
which are attacks that will be used
often throughout the game drawing shapes
on the gamepad makes the heroes group up
into different forms a circle forms of
fists the line makes a sword and a right
angle turns into a gun players will have
to pay attention to audio and visual
cues to counter attacks using the wide
assortment of weapons to create a whip
to pull off enemy armor turn into a blob
to deflect attacks and then transform
into a fist to beat down enemies this
all sounds appealing to you you'll find
the wonderful 101 on store shelves on
sep tember 15 back in April Dark Horse
Comics announced it was adapting George
Lucas's original draft for Star Wars
into an eight issue series yesterday
Dark Horse released a trailer showing
off Lucas's original vision for what
Dark Horse is calling the Star Wars the
trailer shows off Darth Vader and Anna
Starkiller they don't appear to be the
same character we also get looks at han
Solo who's an alien and finally an older
Luke Skywalker who's a general of some
sort but not everything has changed
Princess Leia is still a damsel in
distress c-3po and r2d2 are still droids
and there are still plenty of
lightsabers though they're called laser
swords Z the series is being written by
an executive editor at Lucas books and
is being illustrated by mike mayhew who
worked on Avengers end times Mayhew
promises that the comic will be faithful
to the original 1974 screenplay and will
be incredibly action packed with complex
characters we've never met before the
first issue drops on sep tember fourth
all right it's time for some weekend
stuff and dare proto play is happening
right now until the 11th in dundee
scotland dera indie fest will be part of
that and is lauded as the uk's biggest
indie showcase so if you're nearby want
to play some games or listen to a great
conference definitely look into it
that's when your daily bite I'm Dodger
be sure to tune in and watch friend zone
today at three p.m. pacific time on
youtube.com slash polaris we've got
three amazing guests aside from me and
the beautiful Holly we've got Danny sex
bang we've got Jason Mewes from jay and
silent bob and we've got Sam strippin
from the Yogscast so it's going to be a
fun time don't forget to like favorite
subscribe and have a stupendous weekend
how
you